move proof types to Annex F (#489)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

Note: Claims in the Credential are about the subject of the Credential, which is often the End-User who possesses it.

> For Cryptographic Key Binding, the Client has different options to provide Cryptographic Key Binding material for a requested Credential within a proof of a certain proof type. A proof type may provide the cryptographic public key(s) either with corresponding proof(s) of possession or with key attestations. Proof types are defined in (#proof-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Cryptographic Key Binding, the Client has different options to provide Cryptographic Key Binding material for a requested Credential within a proof of a certain proof type. A proof type may provide the cryptographic public key(s) either with corresponding proof(s) of possession of the private key or attestation. Proof types are defined in (#proof-types).
```

Author: "...or with key attestation" would be clearer to me

Reviewer: Don't feel too strongly, happy with the original text, "proof of possession" alone is probably good enough without my addition.
